docs: cleanup tree grid data binding docs (#5572)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/tree-grid/data-binding.adoc

The `setFilter` method re-renders the Tree Grid automatically, so calling `refreshAll` isn't necessary.

> When a filter is set, Tree Data Provider evaluates it against every item in the tree, including items in collapsed branches. If any item matches, all of its ancestors are included in the result, so the whole path from the root to the matching item is preserved — even if those ancestors don't match themselves. However, setting a filter doesn't expand any collapsed items automatically, so only the expanded part of the path is displayed in Tree Grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a filter is set, Tree Data Provider evaluates it against every item in the tree, including items in collapsed branches. If any item matches, all of its ancestors are included in the result, so the whole path from the root to the matching item is preserved, even if those ancestors don't match themselves. However, setting a filter doesn't expand collapsed items automatically, so only the currently expanded part of the path is displayed in Tree Grid.
```

> When a filter is set, Tree Data Provider evaluates it against every item in the hierarchy, including items in collapsed branches. A parent item is kept in the result whenever any of its descendants match, so the chain of ancestors leading to a match is never filtered out — even when those ancestors don't match the filter themselves. The match itself only appears in Tree Grid once all of its ancestors are expanded, since setting a filter doesn't change Tree Grid's expansion state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a filter is set, Tree Data Provider evaluates it against every item in the tree, including items in collapsed branches. If any item matches, all of its ancestors are included in the result, so the whole path from the root to the matching item is preserved — even if those ancestors don't match themselves. However, setting a filter doesn't expand any collapsed items automatically, so only the expanded part of the path is displayed in Tree Grid.
```
